c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\Stats.dll.config
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\Stats.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\Stats.pdb
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.dll
c:\users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.pdb
C:\Users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.Migrations.DatabaseGenerated.resources
C:\Users\dustinschie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stats\Stats\obj\Debug\Stats.Migrations.AddEventsToGameEntity.resources
